# Release Notes

- [Version 1.2.0](#version-120)
- [Version 1.1.0](#version-110)
- [Version 1.0.1](#version-101)
- [Version 1.0.0](#version-100)

Details about the changes, improvements, and known issues in this release of the
application.

## Version 1.2.0

**New**

- Qualified on the Intel® Core™ Ultra Series 3 processor.
- Changed the person-vehicle-bike-detection-2004 model to the yolov11s model.

**Improved**

- Consumed the latest DL Streamer Pipeline Server 2026.0.0 image. Ubuntu24 variant of the image is the default now.
- Image-based Video Search now supports the NPU device.

## Version 1.1.0

- Added Nginx reverse proxy server, updated npm packages and python packages
- Fixed high coverity issues and added healthchecks for compose and helm deployment
- DL Streamer and DL Streamer Pipeline Server versions upgraded to 2025.2

## Version 1.0.1

**Release Date**: 2025-08-20

- DL Streamer version upgraded to 2025.1.2
- DL Streamer Pipeline Server version upgraded to 3.1.0
- Bug fixes

## Version 1.0.0

**Release Date**: 2025-03-31

- **MediaMTX**: This third-party microservice simulates remote video cameras
  placed in various geographical locations. The service can replay videos from
  recorded files and publish them as live video streams in different formats.
  The RTSP stream is sent to DL Streamer Pipeline Server microservice for
  extraction of feature vectors. The WebRTC stream is useful for displaying live
  video streams in this web application.
- **Deep Learning Streamer Pipeline Server**: This microservice operates either
  in streaming mode (video analysis) or image ingestion mode (video search).
  During the video analysis phase, it consumes RTSP streams from simulated
  remote cameras and performs object detection and feature extraction tasks. The
  resulting predictions are published as metadata to an MQTT Broker. During the
  video search phase, the microservice returns feature vectors for submitted
  images.
- **Feature Matching**: This microservice interacts with DL Streamer Pipeline
  Server and Vector DB. During the video analysis phase, it inserts feature
  vectors (image embeddings) generated by the Pipeline Server into Vector DB.
  Additionally, it stores frames that are useful for displaying in search
  results when a user searches for an object. During the video search phase, the
  microservice queries the Pipeline Server to get feature vectors for the
  user-provided image and then queries Vector DB to find the matching frame(s)
  from video streams processed in the analysis phase.
- **MQTT**: This third-party microservice transfers a stream of metadata between
  DL Streamer Pipeline Server and Feature Matching during the video analysis
  phase.
- **MilvusDB**: This third-party microservice stores feature vectors in a Vector
  DB and provides a vector search to find the closest match between a
  user-provided image and previously processed video frames.
